well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
debate
president trump and his personal style
and brand
how he's made it politically all this
time
his campaign strategy what we can expect
next
and abraham lincoln
okay so if you don't know the debate
went okay
in the beginning trump managed to
behave himself he stuck to some rules
that uh
we expect elementary school students to
stick to which is good
you know i'm it's always nice to see
personal growth in someone
and then he said that that he had done
more for black people than any president
since lincoln sure why not you know
it wasn't the first president to invite
a black man to come have dinner at the
white house
it wasn't the president who desegregated
the military
it wasn't the president who you know
helped end segregation and pushed to get
the civil rights act passed
it was president trump because he said
so
because he signed a relatively small
amount of commutations
and some executive orders
most of which don't have any teeth
but that's how he survives politically
that's how he makes it politically
as long as he makes these
sensationalized claims
his base they believe them
it's like okay yeah it was him because
they don't really think about it
these are not people who want
verification they're not people who
delve into subjects
they have emotional reactions
and as long as he can continue to
provoke those emotional reactions
he doesn't have to talk about his
policies which he doesn't really have
or his record which isn't really great
he can just focus on these claims this
branding effort
that he has
because that is his style and it's been
very consistent
we know what's coming next just like we
knew
before it came out that there were going
to be
text messages in the satire video the
emails
we knew it was coming and we knew it was
going to be
exactly what it is there's probably
i would give it like 90 chance going to
be another sensationalized claim
about his opposition coming in the next
few days
and it's going to be false and people
have asked like how do you know it's
going to be false how can you be so sure
because if it was true and something
that could be verified
he would have released it months ago
when it could knock biden out of the
race
he's saving it to the end because he
knows
it will eventually be debunked
so he wants that to occur after people
have voted
he's aiming for that same demographic of
people
those people who are swayed by emotion
who don't look into things who don't
care to verify
anything low information voters
there are people who have broken away
from trump
who could be swayed to move back
by a sensationalized claim
we need to be ready to counter whatever
this claim
is you need to be ready you have
friends on your social media
who you know don't look into things
who are swayed by their emotions when
this news breaks whatever it is
be ready to counter it be ready to say
no it's not true
and the reason it's important
is because we don't just want trump to
lose
we want him to lose big we need that
landslide we need a majority
of americans to reject trumpism
the country needs that and you can play
your part in it
so be ready for it
whatever it is it should be good um i
can't wait to be honest
and be ready to counter it because
it's going to depend heavily on
you as an individual the media
just like with the last thing they'll
debunk it quick enough
but there's going to be those people
that
just get caught up in the moment get
swayed by that emotion
you have to be ready to counter it
because understand
there are people who believe donald
trump has done
more for black than any president since
lincoln
those people exist you probably have
some
on your social media they're out there
and those are the type of people who can
be swayed back to voting for
him anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day